hi guys this is injured note and these
are the best android games of 2014 part
first up we have mother of myth
published by planar II this is a really
amazing RPG the graphics and animations
looked really nice any game has really
high production value they tap to move
in this game and you tamp enemies to
attack them
this game has couscous with gesture
controls they draw certain shapes to do
certain skills works out pretty well
just a lot of chapters and levels to go
drool and a game as a fully voice active
story
this game has a Greek and Roman
mythology deme and the story is pretty
good this is definitely one of the best
free RPGs out there so go check it out
next up whip The Walking Dead Season 1
published by Telltale Games this is a
super popular multi-award-winning game
that is finally on the inflate this game
is like a queen and click adventure game
with an interactive story that kind of
plays out like a movie i usually don't
play these kind of games but the story
is so good it's really engaging
interests a lot of dialogue choices that
actually affects what happens in the
story you play a character named Lee in
the beginning of the game you're in a
police car headed to jail but then you
encounter the zombie apocalypse and you
go around trying to survive there's lots
of interesting characters and again the
storytelling in this game is really good
there's five episodes the first one is
free what you do have to pay for the
other ones if you're a fan of story
based games this game is a must get
mixed up web XCOM enemy Unknown
published by 2k games this is a really
high quality tactical strategy game this
is the port of the PC and console
version this game has really nice
graphics and there's tons of cutscenes
that also look really nice they can
control group of four people each
character has two turns per round and
can move behind cover and shoot enemies
this game can be very challenging and
does require a lot of strategy there's a
lot of different levels and objectives
there are different soldiers to level up
and upgrade this game has tons of
content really high production value
definitely one of the best android games
out there
mixed up with castle storm free to siege
published by Zen studios this is
probably the best castle defense game
out there it's definitely the best one
I've played the graphics look really
nice before each mission there's a nice
looking 3d cutscene and the game does
have a story so the goal of the game is
to defend your castle against summon
units and unlock new units as well as
new weapons and other stuff in addition
to so many units you can also shoot at
the enemies so you tap the screen to
show enemies which is really cool and
adds to the gameplay you can also summon
your hero character which you can
control the joystick and attack with a
button you can also shoot arrows this is
a really awesome castle defense game
really worth checking out next up we
have epoch two published by uppercut
games here's a really cool behind cover
shooter this game is a futuristic robot
theme so you play robot in can move from
cover to cover fighting enemies you can
swipe left and right and up to dodge and
you swipe down to go behind cover you
can target enemies by tapping on them
and then your character automatically
shoots them this game does have a voice
actor story some cutscenes you can buy
new guns and armor and other upgrades
there's boss battles really fun
action-packed shooter next up we have
the amazing spider-man 2 published by
game law here's a really high quality
spider-man game the graphics are really
nice and it has a voice actor story
there's a big open world to swing around
and there's also cars and pedestrians on
the streets there's a main storyline the
combat is action-oriented you move from
joystick and you attack enemies flip
button there's skills to get in there's
lots of side quests involved helping
people spider-man fans will really enjoy
this game next up we have sonic racing
transformed published by Sega of America
this was originally a paid game but they
recently made it free-to-play despite
the bad initial reviews I actually found
this to be a really fun racing game this
is a sonic kart racing game the graphics
look really nice and it is a high
quality racing game you can unlock and
buy new characters with in-game code
there's tilt controls and touch controls
the only thing I didn't like was that
you have to use the steering wheel for
touch controls there's no buttons to
just move left and right and I'm not a
big fan of the steering wheel but the
controls are actually decent your
vehicle automatically transforms into a
boat or plane depending on where you are
on the map
this is a really cool racing game and
it's definitely worth checking out now
that it's free makes the blip flash out
to you punished by Jujubee here's a
really cool futuristic racing game the
graphics in this game are really good
and there's a couple different maps to
play on there single-player and
multiplayer although it is hard to find
other people to play with online the
single-player does have a career mode
and the game kind of place like a kart
racer so you can tilt to move or use
buttons your controls that easy to use
and you can get power-ups to attack
enemies with can upgrade and buy new
ships it's a pretty cool game mix the
flip elements of epic heroes published
by game gue here's a two new fantasy
action RPG it can looks like arcane
legends but it's actually really
different in control group of three
characters and you tap the ground to
move and tap on enemies detect them
there's three classes right now but
there's more to luck there's this town
area where you get quests and there's a
lot of levels to go group the graphics
are decent and a game is action-oriented
you can also change the leaders to level
up your characters separately this is a
cool kind of casual action RPG next up
we have trials frontier published by
Ubisoft entertainment here's a cool
trial bike game the graphics and physics
are very nice you have buttons to move
forward and backwards and your buttons
to lean forward and back which can use
to do front flips and back flips there's
a lot of different Maps there's missions
to complete you can upgrade your bike
and this is a fun game with philosophy
next up we have slingshot Braves
published by coloful this is a really
cool casual JRPG with unique combat when
you start can create your character and
choose between three different weapons
which is kind of like your class so to
find this game you slingshot your
characters around if your character
touches an enemy he'll attack it and
then he bounces off if he touches
another enemy then who attack that one
and it goes to bounce around killing all
the enemies you can have two other
people in your party which are the two
other classes the combat is turn-based
and a slingshot mechanism is really
unique there's a quest to do some story
elements and can also play co-op with
other people which is pretty cool cool
unique casual RPG to check out and the
last whip
MLB perfect inning published by game
through so here's a really good baseball
game you can choose an American team to
play and their season mode handsome
letter modes when you're batting you can
choose weird to hit with a joystick and
you press a button to swing
then there's these buttons we can choose
which base to run to when you're
pitching can aim where to drill
then press the circle at the right time
to throw a good pitch after they hit the
body of those buttons again to choose
which base to drill to the graphics are
good animations are good it's really
close to a console baseball game if you
have a Tegra 4 Nvidia shield here are
some games to check it out first this
mount and blade warband a really cool
medieval war game with a nice
action-oriented combat system here's
also a half life - a really popular
first-person shooter adventure game as
well as portal which is a mix of
first-person shooter and puzzle these
are three really good games only on the
Nvidia shield anyway that's all for now
make sure you guys subscribe for more
videos and thanks for watching
[Music]